add LibMambaUnsatisfiableError to Installation Troubleshooting (#488)
rapidsai/docs: install/install.md

- Use [Mamba directly](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html){: target="_blank"}
- Use the classic solver by removing `--solver=libmamba` from the `conda create` command provided by the selector

> <i class="fas fa-info-circle"></i> A `LibMambaUnsatisfiableError` occurs:<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<i class="fas fa-info-circle"></i> A `__cuda` constraint conflict occurs:<br/>
```

Just generalize the title since this error can present in different ways depending on the conda/mamba version.

You may see something like:
```
LibMambaUnsatisfiableError: Encountered problems while solving:
 - package cuda-version-12.0-hffde075_0 has constraint __cuda >=12 conflicting with __cuda-11.4-0
```

> This is telling you the CUDA version currently installed on your machine (`__cuda`: 11.4.0) is
> incompatible with the `cuda-version` (12.0) you are trying to install. You will have to ensure the CUDA
> version on your machine is greater than or equal to the CUDA version you are trying to install
> with conda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means the CUDA driver currently installed on your machine (e.g. `__cuda`: 11.4.0) is
incompatible with the `cuda-version` (12.0) you are trying to install. You will have to ensure the [CUDA
driver on your machine supports the CUDA version](#system-req) you are trying to install with conda.

If conda has incorrectly identified the CUDA driver, you can [override by setting the `CONDA_OVERRIDE_CUDA`](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-virtual.html#overriding-detected-packages){: target="_blank"} environment variable.
```
